How dare you hit me?
I told you I couldn't get on the gun
Finished with Director Zhang's movie
It's just a male temple
I really feel irreplaceable
20 if 10 doesn't work
20. If not, 30
I, Lu Xuan, have money and the crew is smashed to death
If you don't believe me, try it.
Lu Xue, what are you doing?
Isn't this Song Yuchuan's wedding wife?
I heard that he is still a director of Tang's
Or if these rich people cheat on the music game
This is his cheating partner
So handsome, what's your name Lu?
Lu Luxue
Snap Snap
Stop filming
What did you shoot?
Hey Yaoyao
Yaoyao
Lu Xuan, this is what you said to explain.
Do you know
Now there are all our messages outside.
You can ask them to delete the photo.
But you can't shut everyone's mouth
The photo is fake.
Public opinion is also false
I don't care, but I do care that Don's is pious
Lu Enterprises is also pious
And most importantly, you
How can I drag you into the mud?
Yaoyao, what do you want me to do?
OK
Then I will use the name of Lu Enterprises now.
Acquisition of 20 media outlets
What does the public opinion say? I have the final say.
Yaoyao
Stay away from me!
You have to pester me until when I'm satisfied
Do I have to wait until I'm notorious?
Little demon
I'm married. I love someone else. Get out of here!
I never want to see you again
Miss Tang, it's so cold outside
Mr. Lu will get sick like that
Why are you forcing me?
Mr. Lu, what are you doing?
It's raining so heavily outside
You go back first, Mr. Lu
Hey, Mr. Lu, Mr. Lu